Add /en/utol/{lecturers,students} (#1024)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: src/pages/en/utol/students/index.mdx

This page explains how to use UTOL as a student enrolled at UTokyo. For instructions on how to use UTOL as a faculty member or TA, please refer to the “[Using UTOL as a Faculty Member or TA](../lecturers/)”.

First, we will describe how to check your courses in the timetable and calendar format, and then how to view the course information as well as how to use the functions for assignments, handouts, and other materials (contents). Finally, this will explain how to list or search the contents of the courses you are taking and how to search for them.

## Checking the courses you are registered for
{:#courses}

<Timetable variant="student" />

## Viewing course information
{:#course}

When clicking the course name in the Timetable or Calendar, the course top page will open (for more information, please refer to "[Checking which courses you are registered for](#courses)"). 

The Course Top screen displays an overview of course information, such as assignments and course materials.

### Course Registration
{:#registration}

Usually, courses registered through UTAS[^1] are automatically registered, but some courses require manual registration.

> [^1]: If you register for a course before the deadline, courses you have registered as favorites will also be automatically registered for you.

Author: 次のような文も考えられそうです．ところでUTASのお気に入り登録はfavoriteなのでしょうか，それともinterestedなのでしょうか．
```suggestion
[^1]: Before the course registration deadline, the subjects you have marked as ‘Interested’ on UTAS will also be automatically registered for attendance.
```

- You cannot view or correct your answers.
- Your course instructor can view the total results but not your comments or the names of the enrollees who have answered the survey.

### Function for No Submission Required
{:#no-submission}

The function for No Submission Required prevents assignments, quizzes or surveys that do not need to be submitted from being displayed on the "Submission status list".

You can set everything to be all "No Submission Required" within the course or individually.

#### Setting an entire course to no submission required in batch
{:#no-submission-course}

To set an entire course to “No submission required”, check the box “Do not submit assignments, tests, or questionnaires in this course” at the upper Course Top screen.

![](./_img/no_submission_course.png)

If you uncheck the box, the items will reappear in the submission status list. Items that have been made submission-free individually will continue to be not displayed.

#### Setting individual Assignments, Quizzes and Surveys to no submission required
{:#no-submission-individually}

You can set individual assignments, quizzes and surveys to “No submission required” or cancel it.

> Please note that you cannot cancel assignments that have already been submitted. Also, if you have set the entire course to no submission required, you cannot then individually change them back.

Author: Copilot君に聞いてみると次のような感じになりました．個人的にはこちらの方が自然だと思います．
```suggestion
Please note that assignments already submitted cannot be set to ‘No submission required’. Furthermore, if the entire course has been set to “No submission required”, you cannot revert this setting on an individual basis.
```
